# SoftwareModelingAndDesing_Project
This is our software Modeling and Design project for the SWE 202 course.

Our group has choosen the Rental Management System topic for our project.We will ensure the creation of a proper model encompassing all the steps necessary to fulfill its role as a design worthy of simplifying the work of the software engineers to turn the theoritical aspect into a practical one.Our duty in this project is for all the lessons of the SWE 202 course to be incorporated into our project, for example: Requirements Engineering, different Modelings, Desing Patterns, etc.


The Rental Management System is a multipurpose software, designed to ensure the needs of all types of users. Our System will create a safe, interactive environment for the verified landlords to post their legally and physically verified product which might be: an apartament, a mansion, a land ,any other type of real estate. This safe environment will also benefit a verified customer, the interested part on renting a property. It is also in the purpose of our system to ensure a easily understandable multifunctional search mechanism for all customers to search a property in a certain area, city, street and with certain filtering options decided by him such as:type of property, surface area, rooms, budget,etc. There would be ofcourse a need of contact between these two parts of a deal, so we will also integrate an inner chat between the customer and the landlord. Since the developers of a Rental Managamenet System should have thorough knowledge on the properties and the property rental market , the system will give a feedback to the customer about the best aspects of the property and if the price is below or above average(in trying not to undermine the benefits of the property). In the scope of our System is also a smooth payment transaction between the two sides of the deal either by cash or direct payment through our system. In either case the System will give both parts a pdf veryfing being a third party.
